# 0.6.0

- the old contents of the file will be shredded instead of being replaced 
- Python 3.10 added to supported platforms

# 0.5.7

- the initial `content_ver` is now computed from a huge random interval with no 
  hard boundaries

# 0.5.6

- larger `content_ver` size now allows to rewrite an entry up to 2 trillion 
  times
- the number of randomly created and deleted dummy blocks now takes into account 
  the size of the added entry 

# 0.5.4

- changed the way blocks are identified. The secret name is no longer present 
  in the header (which partially devalued KDF and allowed you to quickly reduce 
  the number of brute-force passwords)

# 0.5.3

- byte with format version added inside each block
- changed the size of the secret name and checksum

# 0.5.1

- random data in blocks is now encrypted (previously it was just random from 
  `urandom`) 

# 0.5.0

- Added `dummy` cli command
- The number of randomly added / removed dummy blocks is now proportional to 
  the vault size

# 0.4.0

- Replaced KDF to Argon2 (was Scrypt) 
- To identify the block, we now try to decrypt and verify its header.
  Previously, two hashes were used for this. It was more complicated,
  less efficient and less reliable
- Random padding is no longer added to the beginning of the block
- Fixed `setup.py` issue: subpackages were not installing


# 0.3.0

- Replaced random sized blobs with fixed sized blocks
- The vault file is now indistinguishable from random data  

# 0.2.0

- A binary "vault" file is used instead of a directory. This is more reliable

- Entries and fakes are stored as blobs in the vault file

- Blob sizes are random. The size of the fakes is random. Large entries are
  broken into parts, small entries are padded

- (flaw) The file stores blob sizes openly. It can be easily recognized

# 0.1.0

- All imprints have been moved inside the files

- The file names are now random

- Elements are split into a random number of parts

- Directory now stores random salt

- The directory is indistinguishable from random data

# 0.0.0

- The data is stored in a directory. Imprints are encoded in file names

- Random padding is added to real data files

- Random fake files are generated to hide the number of real ones

- (flaw) It is easy to guess that the directory was generated by the utility:
  filenames have a fixed length